When you run a charity, every penny counts
and we want to ensure that that is spent on people, not on bills.
Utility Aid have saved us an immense amount,
over forty thousand pounds since 2011.
That’s approximately £5000 of savings per year.
We’re a national charity.
Without Utility Aid we would not be able
to run our community hub in Teddington.
It is extremely costly.
We have been known to save up to
almost half of a customer's energy bill.
Typically it will be 20-30%
which is a huge amount of cash coming back into the charity.
It really is simple.
All the customer needs to do is send us a bill,
together with a letter of authority.
We send that information off to our suppliers.
We pull all the information back.
Collate the prices.
Present them back to the customer.
They choose which one they want to sign with.
Before working with Utility Aid,
United Response had contracts with many providers.
It was extremely messy.
Utility Aid have streamlined these processes
and enabled us to save so much money.
It means a lot to these guys.
It gives them a purpose to come out during the day.
I used to spend a lot of time indoors.
Now I feel a lot more confident.
I like to come here, have a
chat and have a cup of tea.
We’re a caring company, in a caring sector.
Part of our culture is to give back.
Staff engage with the different charities
and they could be dog handling charities,
they could be care or for the elderly.
Last year we won The Most Trusted Energy Broker of the Year.
Everything we do, that’s the whole of our ethos, is care.
Every single day we help charities save money
and we know every pound we save,
they push back into their own services.
Nothing beats that.